Add info on build time discrepency vs waterfall jobs (#2956)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/waterfall.md

Group, matrix and parallel steps are shown with nested rows underneath a 'parent' row. A parent row displays a solid bar representing the total duration of its child rows. The bar is green if all child rows passed, and red if any of them failed.

<%= image "waterfall-view-parent-row.png", alt: "Image showing an example of a parent row and its children in a waterfall chart" %>

> > 📘 Build time discrepency vs waterfall view

Reviewer: Minor typo fix, which should fix the linter.

```suggestion
> 📘 Build time discrepancy vs waterfall view
```

> > Although canceled jobs will show as a blank line in the waterfall view, they still contribute to the total build time. If a job ran for 20 minutes and was then canceled, that job will appear as a blank line in the waterfall view, but contribute 20 minutes to the total build time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Although canceled jobs appear as a blank line in the waterfall view, their duration still contributes to the total build time. For example, if a job ran for 20 minutes and was then canceled, that job will appear as a blank line in the waterfall view, but contributes 20 minutes to the total build time.
```

Nerdy grammar reasoning: 'show' is typically transitive, so replace it with a verb that's intransitive, since there's no direct object following this verb in this clause.
